Scroll Potency
Your created Scrolls deal 1% more damage or last 2% longer for each level in Inscription. Additionally, gain a small amount of Inscription experience when using created Scrolls.

Zap!
When using a concentration-type Scroll, the initial burst of magic (if it has one) lingers for 5 seconds.

Preserved Books
Obtain 10 additional Rolls of Paper from Ruined Books.

Dust Discount
Reduces the amount of Arcane Dust needed to craft Scrolls by 33%. Cannot reduce the amount below 5.

To Dust
Chance to find Arcane Dust on defeated enemies.

Focus
Spells of concentration-type Scrolls can be maintained an additional second for every 20 levels in Inscription.

Paper Cut
While holding a Scroll or Scroll-spell in one hand and a weapon in the other, your weapon deals bonus damage equal to 20% of your Inscription level.

Paper Armor	
Unlock the art of crafting Paper Armor Scrolls, which grant Armor, Magic Resistance, and Stagger Resistance based on Inscription level. 
These Scrolls require no Arcane Dust but large amounts of paper, and cannot be fused.

Tool: Enchantrix Amplificator	
Upgrades your workbench with the Enchantrix Amplificator. Provided with at least two of the same Scroll, it will disenchant half to amplify the other half, creating a more advanced Scroll of a similar type. 
Skilled Enchanters and Mages are sometimes able to preserve Scrolls.

Enchanted Scrolls
Scrolls gain an additional 1% potency per Enchanting level.

Attuned Scrolls
Scrolls gain an additional 1% potency per level in the magic school they belong to.

Tool: Disenchanter
Upgrades your workbench with a Disenchanter, which can disenchant and convert Spell Tomes directly into Scrolls

Improved Disenchanter
Allows the Disenchanter to disenchant Scrolls, Soul Gems, and enchanted Weapons and Armor into Arcane Dust, and dismantle books into Rolls of Paper. Does not work with custom enchanted items.

Lucky Scribe
When creating Scrolls, there is a 33% chance to create twice as many.	

Disintegrate
Dealing overkill damage with a direct hit from a non-concentration Scroll to an enemy above 25% health will turn its corpse into a pile of Arcane Dust.

Concentrated Power
While concentrating on a Scroll, gain stacking Scroll Power (for non-concentration Scrolls), Spell Power, and Attack Damage for each second of uninterrupted concentration.

Tool: Polymerizer
Upgrades your Scribe Tools with a Polymerizer, which is able to combine two similar Scrolls into one at the cost of 100 Arcane Dust each. 
Fused Scrolls do not benefit from Scroll Potency, Enchanted Scrolls, and Attuned Scrolls perks, but are twice as strong AND last twice as long.

Going Further Beyond
Can fuse two fused Scrolls (four scrolls in total) into one, doubling their power in the process. This miracle requires 1000 Arcane Dust to be offered. Choose your selection wisely.

Unlimited Power
Receive 50% less damage while concentrating [on a Scroll]. Consume 100 Arcane Dust from your inventory to extend concentration time beyond the normal limit. Further extensions double in cost. 